Hello and welcome to my
dear friends like today I have one
new happiness for you in your grief and
it is in principle so that brings that
same as the old only more
So today I show you as you do not
only be able to double your weapons
but also items or only items
but you also have on this one
channel another one with which we
could double weapons so you have
basically enough choice here and me
show you that just enough
usually the things away so you for it
he needs us second guy's worth
so he speaks to the floor and
Your friend picks it up very quickly
and then she just leaves the
application so without ending somehow
So without pressing on volumes in the game
or so easy to use
leave the game and then start
Just go back directly and the thing is
Now that the game has just not yet
that you do not save things
more means that means you are coming now
back in and still have the stuff but
Your friend also has the things we do
has given him and that means in principle
He now has the things that are given to him
have and you still have the stuff
she has not lost
and then he can never give you back
depending on if you now if it now
this kind of you wanted to have then
he gets the course but that can
you keep on doing it again and again
you can always make it up to you
then the things again
I recommend you though if you
that often does what is called then comes
he in your lobby and he gives him the
things and ended the game so that he
is thrown out of the lobby so and
then I recommend you if you are
again meets in your lobby then comes
he so he could do the europe now
after you start here now
By the way, it must excuse that one
Internet packed that's why you see
just like here my colleague melody
Catastrophes packages exist and then
he also throws the weapons
upgrades in but then says outfluxed
why could not to collect
but definitely back to the
the topic always comes in yours
lobby and then you have the things the
you have copied so then you push on
start to be on hold what's the name
single player so on
He is on single player again
So that speaks the second option there
Can you separate the game or what is there?
or get out and then he comes back
and then you can repeat that
So the thing is that we really
after he did that to him
you things come in there and you
But then out of the lobby is out
or you leave the lobby
goes out and that's the easiest way
if you play on it then run
So start and then the second
what it says
I do not know as I said it anymore
exactly because then it is at least at
I'm sure that you
saved that again
you have the stuff again then is
really saved that you too
things he gave you again
that are doubled that you then
also in your inventory and otherwise
it can happen that you if the
the direct makes again without her
once you are in the trend
then it can happen that you if you
make it again then it will be like that
still recognized that they are still
just try these things from the first try
then you do not have the doubled
things but stop
but only the first things and then
he does not double anything then you have nothing
lost and won nothing
and yes or you have
already won something but not so much
like you are
it gets more and more complicated all the more
I explain so it's easy as I said
Put it simply, I have it
before I explain just hope have the
now all understood
as I said I try it now
once short video and free too
explain so you make the first time
this is best for you again
the things of the thing you
double volt with it directly more
have something doubled because of more
you can also duplicate and have more
then the second time more so then
logically leave the game and
go back in and you have the
things again so here it goes in
your lobby purely on the character where you
have given the things to your friend
then he will join your game again
and you are the things because he has
also in the inventory and so then have
you once doubled that way
but then he keeps pushing
you're not part of the game anymore
him since then and then is seen like that
saved that too
Doubled things with you and have
then he can step back and you
can repeat it from the beginning so so
that was explained twice times explained three times
and I just hope it has you
enough and I would like to tell you
at the next luck at the next easter
egg or hats have not seen and still have
Have a nice evening children